[Gabby gasps]
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ Take us to the Dollhouse ♪
♪ Little by little
Let's live in the meow ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ What's the big surprise? ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Let's shrink right down and go inside ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ Meow ♪
Oh, hi! I mean, ahoy, matey!
Pandy and I are playing pirates,
and I made us balloon swords.
OK, Pandy, en garde!
Ching! [mimics air whooshing]
Whoa! Oh, my goodness!
Almost got me there.
Come at me,
you scurvy scallywag! [giggles]
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
You know what that sound means.
It's time for a Dollhouse Delivery!
Come on, Pandy.
♪ Meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Meow ♪
Alright, mateys!
Let's see what we have
in our Meow Meow Mailbox today.
-[pirate fanfare]
-Ooh!
Piratey. See? Look.
It has a little eyepatch and a bandanna.
Let's see what's inside.
[gasps] Whoa!
It's a bottle!
And there's something inside.
Should we see what it is? Yeah.
Maybe it's a message? Hmm.
It's a treasure map!
Look like if we follow this map
from island to island,
it will lead us to the "X."
"X" marks the spot.
That's where the treasure is buried.
[gasps] It's a pirate treasure hunt
in the Dollhouse!
Yarr! Come on.
Alright, me hearties!
Let's see where our treasure hunt begins.
So, we start on the first island.
And there's a paw print on it.
Whose paw print is that?
Whose paw print looks like this?
Yeah! DJ Catnip!
First stop, Music Island!
Alright, mateys, 'tis time to get tiny.
♪ A pinch on my left
Pinch, pinch on my right ♪
♪ Grab Pandy's hand and hold on tight! ♪
What are you doing out there? Come on in!
Welcome to my Dollhouse.
[in pirate voice]
Are you ready to find some treasure?
[in own voice] Great!
But first, we have a Pirate Pandy to find.
Let's use my spyglass.
When you see Pandy, say, "Ahoy!"
Ahoy!
Pirate hug attack!
Whoa!
[both laugh]
Yo-ho-ho, pirate kitties!
Ahoy, Pirate Catnip!
Hey, I hear you two are searching
for pirate treasure.
[in pirate voice] We sure are!
I love pirate talk.
Well, I'm thinking you'll be needing
a pirate song to sing on your travels.
[gasps] A pirate song!
Yeah! I've got a good one.
And it goes a little something like this.
♪ Yo-ho-ho and meow-meow-meow ♪
That's the pirate song.
Let's sing the pirate song together.
♪ Yo-ho-ho ♪
♪ And meow-meow-meow ♪
♪ We're all kitty pirates now ♪
♪ "X" marks the spot
We sure say that a lot ♪
♪ We sail and sing
And live the life we please ♪
♪ Meow-meow-meow! ♪
♪ When it comes to hunting treasure
No one does it better ♪
♪ Than I and my kitty mateys ♪
♪ Meow-meow-meow-meow! ♪
♪ Yo-ho-ho and meow-meow-meow ♪
♪ We're all kitty pirates now ♪
♪ Purr! ♪
Well, now y'all have a peppy pirate tune
to sing on your proper pirate journey.
OK, so, we have our pirate song.
Let's check the map
to see where we go next.
We started on Music Island.
This island has a paw print
with a rectangle and three squares.
Whose paw print has a rectangle
and three squares?
Baby Box!
We're off to Craft Island!
Arr! Come on, mateys!
Thanks, Pirate Catnip.
Anytime, pirate kitties.
♪ Yo-ho-ho and meow-meow-meow ♪
♪ We're all kitty pirates now ♪
♪ Purr! ♪
Ahoy, pirates!
[in pirate voice] Ahoy, Pirate Baby Box!
Look. We're following the map
to find the treasure.
Well, then you'll be needing
your very own pirate ship.
-[Pandy gasps]
-[gasps] A pirate ship?
-Wahoo!
-Alright!
Alright, let's do it!
[Baby Box whistles tune]
Ah.
Cat-tastic!
You got to be kitten me!
Your pirate ship isn't done yet.
It still needs a sail.
To the corkboard!
We'll use this as our guide
to make our sail.
Let's build it together.
We'll add these pieces to the design.
First, we need to find
the bottom of the boat.
It's a half-circle with stripes on it.
[Gabby] Do you see the half-circle
with stripes on it?
[Baby Box] Great!
[grunts] Whoa! [chuckles]
A few dabs of me trusty glue...
There!
Now we need the square
with the boat anchors.
[Gabby] Do you see the square
with boat anchors on it?
We found it!
[grunts] Whoa! [chuckles]
There! Almost done.
[Gabby] Great! Now we just need
the itty-bitty triangle sail.
Help us find the triangle sail.
Uh-oh. They're all triangles.
But which one has polka dots on it?
Right there!
We got the last piece!
Now we have a pirate sail
for our pirate ship.
Like proper pirates.
Yarr!
Our pirate ship is finished!
Not yet.
You need a plank,
because they're fun to jump off of.
[Baby Box grunts]
Whee!
[Baby Box giggles]
Thanks, Pirate Baby Box!
Yarr! 'Twas my pleasure, Pirate Gabby.
Now that we have a ship,
let's go get that treasure!
Let's find out
which island we're going to next.
This paw print has a seashell shape in it.
Whose paw print has a seashell shape?
MerCat!
Next stop, Bathroom Island!
Come on, Pirate Pandy.
'Tis time to sail the seven seas.
Thanks for building us
this craft-tastic ship, Baby Box.
'Twas me pleasure, Pirate Gabby.
Happy sailing to you both.
♪ Yo-ho-ho ♪
♪ And meow-meow-meow ♪
♪ We're all kitty pirates now ♪
♪ Purr! ♪
Ahoy, MerCat!
Ahoy, Pirate Gabby!
Ahoy, Pirate Pandy!
Ooh! That's a fine, seaworthy ship
for a pirate treasure hunt.
Thanks.
Our treasure map brought us here.
Aye! I've got something
very important for you.
-Ooh! What is it?
-[Gabby grunts]
When you find your pirate treasure,
you're going to need...
a key!
A key to open the treasure chest.
Which one do we need?
The shiny one.
[Gabby] But none of those are shiny.
They're all kind of rusty.
Ah.
-That's where the pirate science comes in.
-[Gabby and Pandy gasp]
One spray of my Song of the Sea potion
will reveal your shiny key.
Oh, this is paw-tastic!
First, give the bottles a spray,
and then listen closely for the sound
of crashing waves and seagulls.
That's the Song of the Sea potion.
Alright. We need to find the potion
that sounds like the ocean.
Hey, that rhymes!
OK, does this sound
like crashing waves and seagulls?
-[elephant bellows]
-[monkey chitters]
Nope.
Oh! That's my Song of the Jungle potion.
Let's try the next one.
Does this sound
like crashing waves and seagulls?
[car horns blaring]
Definitely not.
That's my Song of the City potion.
Try the next one! Try the next one!
OK. Does this sound
like crashing waves and seagulls?
-[waves crashing]
-[seagulls squawking]
Yes!
That's it!
That's the Song of the Sea potion!
-[waves crashing]
-[seagulls squawking]
[inhales] It even smells like the sea.
Now, let's find your key.
-[waves crashing]
-[seagulls squawking]
[Pandy gasps] Look! There it is!
That's our key!
Ooh! It's so shiny.
[klaxon blaring]
[air hisses]
[parrot squawks]
[others] CatRat the Pi-Rat!
Yar-har!
That key, 'tis super shiny.
But remember, shiny is miney.
[CatRat cackles]
[squawks] Shiny is miney.
-[Pandy] Hey!
-[Gabby] CatRat, give that back!
Thanks.
Yo-ho-ho and a toodley-doo!
[klaxon blaring]
No! He took our key!
Now we'll never be able
to open the treasure.
Come on, Pandy. Pirates never give up.
In every adventure,
there's always a hard part.
We just need to figure out
how to get the key back.
I have an idea
of where CatRat might be headed.
Then hop in.
Follow CatRat the Pi-Rat to Pirate Island!
[in pirate voice]
Time to get tiny, mateys.
[Pandy] Wahoo!
[seagulls squawking]
You got to be kitten me!
This is the best pirate adventure ever!
[in pirate voice] Purr, me kitties!
♪ Yo-ho-ho and meow-meow-meow ♪
♪ We're all kitty pirates now ♪
♪ Purr! ♪
Pirate Pandy,
any sign of CatRat the Pi-Rat up there?
Help me look.
When you see Pirate Island, say, "Ahoy!"
Ahoy!
CatRat the Pi-Rat must be on that island.
Straight ahead!
Great work, pirates.
Full speed ahead!
To the island!
We'll have that key in no time.
[Pandy] Oh, no! There's no wind!
And we need wind in our sails
to reach the island.
Leave that to me.
Wind hair!
My curls and swirls of wind
will get us moving again.
[wind gusting]
-[Pandy] Yeah!
-[MerCat] Oh, great job, Gabby!
I'll stay on board to make sure
that sneaky CatRat the Pi-Rat
doesn't try anything fishy.
Great thinking, MerCat.
-Whee!
-Pandabunga!
[CatRat slurping]
[squawks] They're coming!
What?
[gasps] Pandy, look out!
[Pandy grunts]
Where did that log come from?
You're wasting your time, pirates.
You'll never get this key back.
[squawks] Or maybe they will.
What? No, they won't.
Hey, you're on my side!
They're pretty persistent pirates.
[squawks] They don't give up.
Have some more logs!
When you see a log coming, yell, "Jump!"
[both] Jump!
[Pandy] We're almost there!
Whoo! Thanks for your help, pirates.
[gasps] How did you make it up here?
Those were my best logs.
You're gonna need more than a few logs
to stop Pirate Pandy and me.
[grunts] Yeah! Now, give us back our key.
But it's my key.
[squawks] Actually, it's their key.
You took it from them.
Well, sure, b-but... can you blame me?
It be so shiny. Look at it!
We need that key to open the treasure.
Ooh! Treasure? Is it shiny?
We don't know, CatRat, but we promise
to share it with you when we find it.
Well... OK, then.
Here you go.
Thanks, CatRat.
[Gabby] We'll let you know
when we find the treasure!
[CatRat giggles and sighs]
[CatRat slurps]
[parrot slurps]
-[Gabby] Whee!
-[Pandy] Wahoo!
We got the key!
Yes! I knew you would.
OK. Let's check the map
to see where we're going next.
This is the last island!
That's where the treasure is.
This paw print has a flower shape in it.
Whose paw print has a flower shape?
Kitty Fairy!
The treasure's buried on Fairy Island!
Let's go. We got to get there fast!
Good thing I know a shortcut.
Let me grab my travel bubbles.
[MerCat blows]
[Gabby] We're in a bubble!
Off to Fairy Island!
[MerCat giggles] Going down!
[Gabby] I love bubbles!
[Gabby grunts]
That was a-meow-zing!
Welcome, me hearties!
Arr!
Kitty Fairy! We came for the treasure.
We have the key.
Oh, wait. Wrong thing.
Ta-da!
Ooh! It's so shiny!
-Where's the treasure buried?
-Well, only the Pirate Flower knows that.
[others] Pirate Flower?
We have to wake it up
with the kitty pirate song.
The kitty pirate song! Sing it with us.
♪ Yo-ho-ho and meow-meow-meow ♪
♪ We're all kitty pirates now ♪
♪ Purr! ♪
Hi, Pirate Flower.
We're looking for the buried treasure.
Ooh! Arr!
Legend has it, the Fairy Island treasure
is buried beneath a fairy house.
Well, all the fairy houses are over there.
Follow me.
Oh! Which fairy house
is the treasure buried under?
I know it's underneath
a yellow fairy house.
[Gabby]
Which tree has the yellow fairy houses?
The one in the middle!
What else, Pirate Flower?
I know the treasure is buried beneath
a fairy house with a green door.
-[Pandy grunts]
-[Gabby] Which one has the green door?
We found the right house! [grunts]
-Hmm. But there's no "X."
-Hang on.
The "X"!
-Wahoo!
-Yeah!
This is it!
This is the treasure chest!
[Gabby gasps]
Quick, Pandy, use the key.
Here we go.
-[Pandy] Whoa!
-[MerCat] Wow! I love this!
[Baby Box giggles]
It's a pirate party! That's our treasure.
Who wants a coconut smoothie?
[parrot squawks]
Here comes CatRat the Pi-Rat.
Yo-ho-ho! It's not a party
until the CatRat gets here.
-Hey, CatRat.
-How about a coconut smoothie?
My favorite!
[CatRat slurps]
Ah, delicious.
Let's pirate-party!
[pirate music playing]
♪ Yo-ho-ho and meow-meow-meow ♪
♪ We're all kitty pirates now ♪
[giggles]
Thanks for helping us find the treasure.
You sure are a great pirate.
Are you ready for another surprise?
♪ Gabby Cat, Gabby Cat ♪
♪ Gabby Cat, Gabby Cat
Gabby Cat, Gabby Cat ♪
♪ Gabby Cat of the Day! ♪
It's me, Cakey!
Hi! Today I'm gonna show you
how to make...
[giggles] ...pirate pancakes.
They're delicious and piratey!
OK. First thing you need is...
one fluffy, yummy pancake.
This will be the pirate head.
Let's make a strap
for the pirate eyepatch.
We'll use some yummy raisins.
Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.
Yummy!
Now add a slice of plum for the eyepatch.
There we go, Mr. Pirate.
Now some bananas and blueberries.
I use a slice of banana
with a little-bitty blueberry on it
for the eye.
Now let's give our pirate
a nice big banana smile.
What a happy pirate!
And of course, no pirate is complete
without a bandanna for their head.
Strawberries!
I like to use a bunch of strawberry slices
to shape the bandanna
and give it that little swoop at the back.
All done!
Arr!
One delicious pancake pirate.
Mm-mm!
Too much yummy.
[squawks] My kind of pancake!
Come back soon and Bakey with Cakey again.
Bye!
[in pirate voice]
Yarr! We loved playing pirate with you.
Come back next time for another
cat-tastic adventure in me Dollhouse.
"Shiver me timbers! That was fun!"
Until then, stay piratey, mateys.
"Ahoy!"